a mnemonic a GUI natin is a competition
this one is made by Clara alayka clara
lee has made our life so simple can say
all you have to do is it's like a
marinade also you marinate the chicken
you mix the sauce in a noodles you
spaghetti a toga committee nothing can
pollute us and Gagarina 10 okay so now
your negativity and ito is Clara only
our Clara's kung pao chicken kung pao
chicken very first ingredient for this
recipes we have 200 grams of chicken
strips cut into well boneless and then
cut into strips now and then we have one
pack of Clara la Kung Pao pasta sauce
plurally pasta sauce boom pow so it oh
it's an all-around sauce I use it as a
marinade Dee pimpin
pouring pork chops or chicken and you
can saute it or broil it or you can
straightaway mix it with pasta and then
we have some cooking oil we have some
olive oil 1/4 cup of light Spinola olive
oil 1/4 cup and then we have some
mushrooms we have 1/4 cup of sliced
mushrooms on fourth cup of sliced
mushrooms
we have some chops peanut peanuts 1/4
cup of chopped peanuts 1 and 1/2 cups of
water 1 in 1/2 cups of water 1 chicken
cube 1 pig chicken cube one small part
this is about 400 grams of Cantone
moodle's no way they can go and witness
spaghetti noodles if you want to do that
now tingling Janelle and container is
the water cooling water then you add a
little water just so that the noodles
will absorb the water it will be enough
so that you can saute it and then we
have some chopped spring onions ok this
is the way we do this No
Quoddy not entertaining clara o alaikum
pal pasta sauce you just set it off
and you what you want to do is just ya
know you were not in your source again
and then what you want to do is just mix
this or marinate the chicken in this
certain way in this sauce cigarette for
about 130 minutes long anyway chicken is
easy to manage in beef on matically know
now what you want to do with this okay
set aside natin Ito s we will start
cooking you know acting like Spanish
olive oil these are not diplomatic
mushrooms again a Fibonacci looking at
the talking chicken marinated chicken
I'm Konica looking white plain colder
than chicken then we can add the other
ingredients though so here in this case
if you will see para up but on Coulomb
associative but the moment we put our
Clara will a compel pasta sauce this
will come to life
okay so water say nothing I like using
chicken cubes in so well having budget
again okay and then you like a nothing
so nothing Clara Lee Kump our pasta
sauce yeah yeah pasilla gay not into
nothing peanuts
we mix all of these ingredients very
well and you know what you look out for
if you look for our chicken cube
animal plain chicken cube then time my
name flavor none okay let me just try
this out personal make sure when you mix
a clam a guinea some cool and important
in okay so it's a little bit spicy sweet
none quanta and this is the flavor now
absorb in on spaghetti noodles or
Incanto noodles happen so Iligan a
Latino I think Antonio Jose okay a
pasanga given a tEEN TOP upon a Tito
okay
I love know like I said earlier
setting in USA Baja beating water that
we put then you can add miss Keela after
no seguro maja add another 1 cup of
water so bloomin bottom noodles nothing
casts upon cooling liquid naman indi not
in Miami independet Emma Papa Nambu T on
pants it can to nothing ok so here you
have it but like I say also you may use
spaghetti noodles in place of Antonio I
just decided we'll make something
Filipino version Amanda van so I think
the nothing look at this complete on
Italy straight or kawaii Papa no it's
not something that you have every day
look at that and then I go peanut in
this we will just stop this with chopped
spring onions I don't know nothing
kung pao chicken with canto noodles
simply masala Pro to you by Claro Lee
Kump a pasta sauce Arab Cohiba